Speaker 1:	Okay.  Highest score, better skills.  Okay.  Um, so would you say that competition ... is it an important part of why you like to play video games?
Speaker 2:	Um, the car one?  Yeah.  Definitely.  Um, the other one?  No, no, not so much, but ... yeah, one of them, yes.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  So, um, what about the competition would you say is motivating?  Is it the winning?  Or the being challenged?  Or getting any kind of reward or status?
Speaker 2:	The ... I think the challenging part that, um, you know, you ... like I ... I like to just have the ... the higher score and whatnot, so it's kind of like a challenge.
Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm.
Speaker 2:	The challenging part.   Yeah.
Speaker 1:	That's ... that's the part of the competition that motivates you?
Speaker 2:	Yeah, because it's ... I mean, the harder or the better, um, competitors, the harder it gets.
Speaker 1:	Hmm.
Speaker 2:	And it kind of makes me want to play more to get better.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  Now, in the Candy Crush one, is that just you and ... against the computer?
Speaker 2:	Um, no.  Well, yeah, ...
Speaker 1:	Or is ...
Speaker 2:	... it's sort of similar.  Um, like I have friends on it, too.
Speaker 1:	Oh, okay.
Speaker 2:	So, basically, it's ... it's but not really competing.  Like each ... each ... each, um, level you ... you know, you do your best and then you see if you beat any of your friends on it and then you can replay it and try to get a higher score, but it's not really like a, um, like ... it's not like you're playing at the same time.  It's kind of ...
Speaker 1:	Like the car?
Speaker 2:	... kind of beat each other's scores and what not.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  And you can see their scores?  So when you talk about ...
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	... seeing friends' scores, are those friends that you knew prior, like in person?  Or are they friends ...
Speaker 2:	Yeah.  The Candy Crush one?  Yeah, they're, um, they're friends of mine from high school, from college, from work, so people that ... that I personally know.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  Are they men and women or primarily one or the other?
Speaker 2:	Men and women.
Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm.  Okay.  Um, so would you say you prefer games where you're alone against other people or with others on a team against other people?
Speaker 2:	Alone against other people.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  And, do you prefer to play against people who are better, the same or worse than you?
Speaker 2:	Uh, better.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  And would you say you prefer direct competition where you can influence the other person, um, strategize, like chess, or indirect where you can't really influence and it's primarily about luck?
Speaker 2:	Um, well, actually I ... I do.  I've played chess before, online, as well, so I think it all depends.  Lately I haven't been doing so as much, so lately it's been more like, um, you know, indirectly.
Speaker 1:	Okay.
Speaker 2:	I guess I ... I kind of ... I kind of like them both.