Speaker 1:	Well would you say that competition has been an important part of why you like to play video games?
Speaker 2:	Well, yeah, cause it kind of pushes you to be better.
Speaker 1:	Okay.
Speaker 2:	Yeah, and then up until the point that you get so obsessed with it that it's all that you think about. And that's the point where it starts to become, like, a problem. 
Speaker 1:	Okay, so you mean when that's just all you can think about is the competitive part?
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	Okay. 
Speaker 2:	You're just missing out on the fun part, like the little side missions.
Speaker 1:	Mhm, okay. So do you prefer games where you're alone against other people or with others on a team against other people?
Speaker 2:	Um, either/or. You know, if you're by yourself it kind of makes it harder to beat bosses, but then like, um, it's less worrying. Cause sometimes when you fight with teams if a team member just, like, knocks out then it's like "oh no!" Then the team is like starting to fall apart.
Speaker 1:	Oh, okay.
Speaker 2:	But then if all the other team is like, if everybody on the team, like, works well, like, you have like a healer and a defender and then the offense, you know, and then the long-range, the short-distance fighters, then, you know, it kind of seems like okay, you've got a plan.
Speaker 1:	Okay, so it sounds like you're saying it depends on kind of how the team works together for whether or not it's more fun.
Speaker 2:	Yeah, it depends on the situation. 
Speaker 1:	Okay, okay. Um, so when you're playing alone or as part of a team do you prefer to play against people who are better, the same, or worse than you?
Speaker 2:	I don't know, I feel like if people play against, you know, like people who are not really good, it's kind of like taking advantage, you know? Cause then it'd be like oh, it's like you're just defeating this person, like ... online gaming you mean?
Speaker 1:	Yeah, I just mean any, like, let's say even if you're playing with your sisters, right, like, let's say,  do you prefer, do you like,  you know, maybe playing, it sounds like you have more than one sister, one that's more your same level or one that's less or someone who's a better player, you know?
Speaker 2:	Well, I have one sister who's at the same level as me. She's good at some games and I'm good at some games, and there are some games where we're like practically even. 
Speaker 1:	Right.
Speaker 2:	So it's more fun and kind of competitive when we play against each other. And then I have another sister who's like really good at sniper games, and like nobody plays against her cause she's like really good at it. Then my youngest sister, she likes to play, like, PC little girl games like My Little Pony or Littlest Pet Shop games. 
Speaker 1:	Right.
Speaker 2:	Um, when she wants to play with us on the two-player games it's more like racing or fighting, you know, or see who can finish this mission fast. So with her we take it kind of easy because we don't want to lower her self-esteem.
Speaker 1:	I got it.
Speaker 2:	Cause, like, if you play, if someone's playing against a person who's like practically new, like, not a very good player, you're just lowering their self-esteem and taking their credit.
Speaker 1:	Okay.
Speaker 2:	It's more satisfying if you play with someone at your own level or above your level. If you beat someone above your level that's like, you know, it's like saying whoa she's got skills, you know?
Speaker 1:	Sure. Well it sounds like you get all different experiences with your sisters in terms of, you know, which games they're good at and stuff.
Speaker 2:	Well, yeah. My sister who's the same level as me, she's really good at Super Mario Brothers. Like racing or just the, uh, regular ones, or the Olympics ones. It's like, uh, I can't beat her cause she's like really fast, but like for me, like,  when I play like archery games, games where you're like a ninja or like fighting, I'm good at those. 
Speaker 1:	Got it.
Speaker 2:	But a game where we're like at the same level is like Street Fighter or [te-guh 12:51].
Speaker 1:	Uh-huh. Yeah, it's definitely you play a variety of games, it sounds like. 
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	Yeah. So would you say your prefer kind or more direct competition where you can influence people with strategy and such, or more indirect where it's more about luck and you can't really influence them?
Speaker 2:	Well, it depends on the situation. I mean, cause if it's, if the situation like, um, I think it depends on the game.
Speaker 1:	Okay.
Speaker 2:	So like on Super Mario Brothers, the newer one that came out a couple years, like two years ago maybe, I don't know, if we're playing two-player one of us hangs back while the other one goes ahead. You know, if that person, you know, dies, then they'll come back near us. 
Speaker 1:	I see.
Speaker 2:	You're the second player. 
Speaker 1:	Mhm. 
Speaker 2:	And if she manages to pass the course then we can just turn into a [bO-lO 13:45] and flip to them and, you know, I hope.
Speaker 1:	Oh, I see. Hmm. Okay. 
Speaker 2:	Okay so yeah. So that one's kind of strategy. Um, the ones that I think might require luck is, you know, when you're like, with martial arts games and you have to beat the boss, I think those games require luck. 
Speaker 1:	Oh really, more luck? Okay. 
Speaker 2:	Yeah, because boss can just change moves and it's not, like, set as a specific, um, attack, list, it just, like, shuffles. So it's like different type of moves every time you try and beat the boss.