Speaker 1:	Okay, is competition an important part of why you like to play video games? 
Speaker 2:	Against my friends yes.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  But not against, you mean if you're just playing against yourself like Bejeweled or, I don't know, or something else?  But specifically against your friends?  
Speaker 2:	I like to get the high score, so...
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	That is my goal.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	So...
Speaker 1:	So yeah you're real into the high school but would, do you call it competition when you're trying to get the high score against a computer, or do you not really call that competition?  
Speaker 2:	Um, not really.  
Speaker 1:	Okay, so more against friends when you're playing those kind of games?  
Speaker 2:	Yeah.  
Speaker 1:	So, when you're playing against friends and there's competition, what about it is motivating to you?  
Speaker 2:	It's that I can like, if I win I know I can be like, see I told you I could beat you. 
Speaker 1:	Okay, so kind of bragging rights essentially?  
Speaker 2:	Yep.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  Anything else?  
Speaker 2:	Um, just, just the bragging rights because they always think that because I am a girl I am going to suck automatically.  
Speaker 1:	Mmmm.  Okay.  
Speaker 2:	So I like the bragging rights when I do win.  So that's about it.  
Speaker 1:	Right,well, and like you said, cause you're, it sounds like you're playing a lot with guys, right?  
Speaker 2:	Yes.  
Speaker 1:	Versus other women?  
Speaker 2:	Yep.  
Speaker 1:	Okay, um, so do you prefer games where you're alone against other people or you're with others, like on a team against others?  
Speaker 2:	Um, like when I'm alone against other people.  I don't really like teams because if they slow me down then I'm screwed.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	So.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	Yeah.  
Speaker 1:	And when you're playing alone do you prefer to play against people who are better, the same, or worse than you?  
Speaker 2:	Um, usually about the same.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	Um, cause usually when they're better than me they kind of, you know, they beat me.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  
Speaker 2:	If we're on the same level then I'm like, oh okay, well I beat you because, you know, we all, like it's even.  
Speaker 1:	Okay.  Okay, cause it's more even to start?  
Speaker 2:	Yeah.  
Speaker 1:	Okay, um, so do you prefer direct competition where you can influence other people with strategy, or indirect where you can't influence them as much?  Like more luck based games.  
Speaker 2:	No, strategy.  