Speaker 1:	Okay. So is competition an important part of why you like to play video games?

Speaker 2:	No, it's not. I, um, well, I, I guess, I'm not sure this, the genre that I like, but I do like everyone's ... no, I like to play, um, you know, the fighting games like Street Fighter or something like that and, um, and don't, when I, when I wouldn't beat someone else is when I, say, uh, um, that's an enjoyable aspect.

Speaker 1:	(Laughing) Yeah, okay. The win. The beat. 

Speaker 2:	Yeah.

Speaker 1:	Okay. Okay, um, so, when you, you say play games alone, but, um, in that game because I'm not familiar with that exactly. Do you prefer games where you're alone against other people within the game or is it that ... or you play with others like on a team? I don't know if that, like I said, I don't ... I'm not familiar with that game. I don't know how that works for that game, but in general.

Speaker 2:	Um, it's where, um, there are a couple of games. Um, this one, the, the Skyrim game is not one that you play online with other people, but ...

Speaker 1:	Okay.

Speaker 2:	... there are, like you, you do have people that you'd fight against, like people, I mean like computers, uh.

Speaker 1:	Okay.

Speaker 2:	And, um, that's, uh ... I'm, I'm sorry. What was the question again?

Speaker 1:	Yeah, that's what I'm ... I'm just trying to get at, you know, if you, if there are ... if you prefer any games where you either play alone against other people or you play with others on a team against other people, and you're saying that the Skyrim, you play by yourself and against, you know, the computer essentially, right?

Speaker 2:	Yeah.

Speaker 1:	Characters within that, but are there, are there ... do you prefer any other games where you're playing on a team or you're playing alone against others or not really?

Speaker 2:	Um, I, I do like, um, there ... like, um, World of Warcraft would be one example, um.

Speaker 1:	Right.

Speaker 2:	... with the online components.

Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 2:	Um, with World of Warcraft, there's, um two different factions. Um, one is the Alliance, one is the Horde. And, if you're on Alliance, you can, um, you can team up with other people who are, um, this ... I mean Alliance and you can fight or attack their cities or, and that sort of thing, but against the other faction.

Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 2:	That is an enjoyable, uh, aspect of the game.

Speaker 1:	Being on the team, instead of just by yourself?

Speaker 2:	Uh, I do tend to like, um, you know, being on the team more than, um, one-on-one with another person.

Speaker 1:	Right. Okay.

Speaker 2:	Yes.

Speaker 1:	Okay. Um, so when you're playing even as part of a team against others, do you prefer to play against people who are better, the same, or worst?

Speaker 2:	Um, I, I like it to be, um, pretty equal.

Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 2:	I like it to be pretty equal to be, uh, a fair kind of match, um.

Speaker 1:	Okay.

Speaker 2:	Yes.

Speaker 1:	Um, so do you prefer more direct competition where you can influence like with strategy and such or do you prefer more indirectly, you can't influence as much, and it's more about luck?

Speaker 2:	Um, I, I mean like, um, being able to influence, uh, the outcome of, of the game with, uh ... I like being able to ... not luck.

Speaker 1:	Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's what you like more about gaming. Okay, great. Um, so, uh, you're saying that, in general, you know, for the games you play that competition isn't, is not an important part of why you play.

Speaker 2:	Hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 1:	Um, but are there any circumstances related to video gaming where you think competition against others might be motivating, like if there were some sort of like reward or whether it was like in, um, you know, a community cause or it was you won money. Do you think anything like that would make with, um, be motivating to you or still not really?

Speaker 2:	Um, yes, it, it would be, um, yeah, that would be motivating. Um, I, I'm trying to, I'm trying to think what it, what makes, um, a competition paramount to anything else. It is a nice aspect, um, of it. It kinds of depends on how much of competition is, um, integral to playing it, uh, of particular game. Like with, um, World of Warcraft, there is, um, what I particularly like about the game is that you can choose to be more active and be, um, be player versus player type of game play or you can choose to do quests and, and level up, and kind of follow a little story. And, um, so I kind of like to dabble and do both of it, um.

Speaker 1:	Okay.

Speaker 2:	I do tend to lean more on the story line quest kind of thing.

Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 2:	Right, um, if you have that option, though, to very now and then kind of, uh, compete with other people, that is, that is fun and, and I think that's, uh, it is an important aspect of the game, it does make it more enjoyable. 

Speaker 1:	Yeah, okay. That's interesting. And what, what about is more enjoyable to you? Is it the actual still around the process or is it the outcome of?

Speaker 2:	Um, what makes, uh, it ... having some competitions at all?

Speaker 1:	Yeah, yeah, for you.

Speaker 2:	Um, I, it's does get tiring to play for the sake of the story.  Or sometimes the  if a quest or a mission that's particularly hard, you have a hard time completing it, it does tend to put a damper on,   on the game leave, you don't quite want to go back to it right away. Um, but when there's another aspect to it like the competition, you can … it’s another avenue I guess, um, it’s more for the game play than, than a single [inaudible 00:12:59] of just questing or.

Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Speaker 2:	So it's just, it's just more variable and, and so, sometimes you just feel more like, um, questing in other terms, if you like beating someone else. 

Speaker 1:	Yeah, well that's good. I mean, you know, I think you're doing a good job of kind of getting, you know, you know, if you've never thought of this before, (laughs) it's hard when I ask the questions, but I think you're doing a good job of trying to really ... I'm just trying to dig in a little bit more to find out like what is it about it, you know, and I think that was a really clear description. Like you said, it's kind of ...

Speaker 2:	This is new for me,  for this kind of actually [inaudible 00:13:34].

Speaker 1:	Yeah, it's interesting. It is for most people. They're not used to talking about and the steps, but it's really interesting to us to kinda see what is it about it that catches you or motivate you or when would you choose one over the other kind of thing. Um, so, um, talk about ... I'm just checking the kind of the questions I already have out here. So, um, like you said, Skyrim, you don't really consider competitive, right?

Speaker 2:	Mm-hmm (affirmative), right.
