Speaker 1:	Okay, so what about it is motivating?
Speaker 2:	Well if you get shot down by enemies you’re like, oh, my God I [inaudible 00:09:26] way about it like get the enemy back.  Sort of do you want to keep on playing till you beat them all?  It’s kind of like you just don’t want to be defeated.
Speaker 1:	Okay and you talked about challenging, is it like… So there’s a little like not being defeated like you said.  Is there anything like gaining status is that important, is that motivating to you?  Or being part of a team that does something together?  Or being the best individual or anything like that that motivates you in particular around the competition?
Speaker 2:	It sure is nice to level up but I don’t think you really level up in Halo 4 but you can get more gear.
Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm
Speaker 2:	In Dragon Vale you’d definitely do level up.  Like right now the way level up is, you have to accumulate more dragons of higher level as the dragon actually I’m pretty competitive to other people to that.  I think in Halo 4 I’m less competitive because I play with less people.
Speaker 1:	Okay so talk a little more about that.  So you feel more competitive when you playing Dragon Vale?
Speaker 2:	Yeah, because everyday [inaudible 00:10:31] [in my Facebook 00:10:34]
Speaker 1:	Ah, okay.
Speaker 2:	Because you get even wear a Valentines Dragon, did you get like the reindeer.  I’m like no I’m still trying to get it.  But you do you have to breed dragons together and you might get a combination or you might not.  So it’s kind like it’s a luck game  and like to start betting peoples [faces 00:10:49] that you got more than the other person.
Speaker 1:	Okay so that motivates you to play and like you said that’s why it’s kind of different that way because you have that daily exchange.
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	With people making comments.
Speaker 2:	Kind of like a daily conversation almost.
Speaker 1:	Right, okay, um, so do you prefer games where you’re alone against other people or with other like on a team against others.  Which would you say is your preference or do you not have one.
Speaker 2:	I don’t really have one except I’ve really had a lot of experience with team games.  I think I’d like it better to be on a team with other people other than just one on one.
Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm.
Speaker 2:	But maybe not.  I’m not sure.
Speaker 1:	Okay, so you have limited experience with it so you don’t really know, yeah.
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	Okay, so when you play alone or as part of a team you know but it sounds like you play alone more?  Do you prefer to play against people who are better the same or worse than you?
Speaker 2:	About the same.
Speaker 1:	Okay and do you prefer more direct competition where you can influence the other person and strategies or indirect where you’re not influencing them as much and it’s more about luck?
Speaker 2:	The strategy would be nice.  Like if we’re playing some kind of game that’s a lot like capture the flag it would be fun if we could like lets [inaudible 00:12:13] how we’re going to go out and take that other team instead of just running out and getting everyone killed because you didn’t strategies first.  
Speaker 1:	Okay but when you playing the game it sounds like Dragon Vale you’re saying has an element of both?  Is that true?  It has …
Speaker 2:	A little bit, it is cooperative in the fact that you pretty much can’t advance in the game without gems and that’s something you can really only get from doing a very limited number of things like trading with your friends and doing competition could take 24  hours to complete.  So it’s kind of you do need to cooperate with people.  But there is not really much that you actually do with people in the game.