Speaker 1:	So would you say competition is an important part of why you like to play video games? 
Speaker 2:	Yeah, I think so. 
Speaker 1:	If you think a little more about it, like what about competition is motivating? Is it the winning, being challenged, playing against others, getting a rewards status, what...
Speaker 2:	I think it's the being challenged because I'm going to go back to Pokemon for a second here. The main game of Pokemon is pre-esembled, but there's like a whole other level of it when you are actually playing against real people because real people can think, not like computer players and so your team has to be a lot, a lot stronger and a lot more focused on strategy. I think in that sense, the strategy and the challenge of playing against a real person makes it much more fun. 
Speaker 1:	So when you're playing, you are playing by yourself and like you said, when you said team, do you mean your team of characters? 
Speaker 2:	Yes. 
Speaker 1:	But you area always playing against others on-line. 
Speaker 2:	Often. 
Speaker 1:	And are those people that you know, previously or people that you've met on-line or a combination?
Speaker 2:	It's a combination but it's more often people that I know. 
Speaker 1:	That you know in person. 
Speaker 2:	Yeah. 
Speaker 1:	OK. So, you said you like playing alone 90 percent of the time. So when you are playing alone or as part of a team, do you prefer to play against people who are better, same or worse than you? 
Speaker 2:	I don't like playing with people that are worse than me, so I would say it's better or the same because, I guess as with everything, you are not going to learn from people that are worse than you. 
Speaker 1:	Do you prefer direct competition where you can influence the other person and strategize or indirect competition where you can't influence them, it's primarily about luck. 
Speaker 2:	Definitely, definitely, direct where I can strategize and everything because, the things with luck, it's not as fun to with luck as it is to win with skill. 