Speaker 1:	How they interpret it.  So do you think competition is an important part of why you like to play video games?
Speaker 2:	No that’s really not an important part at all.  I pretty much just play them to relax and entertainment.
Speaker 1:	Uh huh (affirmative).  And let’s see so, like you said, you don’t really play … I’m just looking at these other questions we have.  Some are about playing against people but you don’t really do that right?
Speaker 2:	Right, right.
Speaker 1:	And do you … are you … do you prefer more direct like competition where you can influence or strategize or more indirect where there’s a lot of luck involved?
Speaker 2:	If it’s competitive like I’d prefer it to be very direct.  Yeah, that’s a … that’s such better [inaudible 00:13:24] than when there’s too much, too much luck or sort of chance then sometimes it’s sort of like you didn’t really win it just sort of happened.
Speaker 1:	Uh huh (affirmative).
Speaker 2:	If it is competitive games I’d prefer it to be more direct.
Speaker 1:	Okay.  So are there any video games, okay you may have already answered this actually embedded in what you said, any video games that you play that you don’t think of as competitive?  Like would you not call the hidden objects games competitive or would you.
Speaker 2:	Yes, I would totally call them not competitive.  I think that’s yeah that … I can’t see how you call them competitive so yeah definitely not.
Speaker 1:	Okay, okay.  And do you like competition in other areas of your life?  Like if we take, we’re not looking at just video games, like board games or sports or work or school, do you feel like is competition something that you engage in?
Speaker 2:	You know, it’s not really something I engage in, it’s more of just something I sort of deal with and put up with.  And it can be very useful and good for your development and stuff.  I used to take martial arts a lot but no, it’s not generally something that’s an important part of my life.  It’s just something that it’s there and I put up with it.
Speaker 1:	Right, but you don’t consider yourself “competitive” and?
Speaker 2:	No, no, I really wouldn’t