Speaker 1:	OK.  Um, and would you say that's an, competition is an important part of why you like to play video games, or not necessarily?
Speaker 2:	Not necessarily?
Speaker 1:	OK.  What is motivating for you around playing, like... what are some other reasons you really like to play video games?
Speaker 2:	To help myself maybe feel smarter or something.  I guess it's a little bit of conversation.  
Speaker 1:	Mm-hmm.  OK.  Well everyone has different interpretations of it, so that's why we're asking, you know?
Speaker 2:	Yep. 
Speaker 1:	OK.  Um, so it sounds like in terms of the motivation around competition or around playing the games like you said helps you feel smarter is there anything else being challenged or getting any kind of reward or status, does any of that come into play for you?
Speaker 2:	I don't get a reward or status, but the challenge is what I like, I guess.
Speaker 1:	OK.  And, um, so it looks like you pretty much... you said you mostly play by yourself, so, um, do you ever play games on a team?
Speaker 2:	No.
Speaker 1:	OK.  And when you play alone, if you were to play against other people, would you rather play against people who are better, the same, or worse than you?
Speaker 2:	The same or a little bit better.
Speaker 1:	OK.  And... it sounds like you prefer, like you said this kind of strategy games versus luck games, would you say?
Speaker 2:	Um...
Speaker 1:	Or do you also enjoy some games that are more indirect competition where … there's it's more based in luck?
Speaker 2:	Um, I like Aladdin which is like action, but I don't really like Call of Duty or anything, so...
Speaker 1:	Oh that's right.  You said, and you said Aladdin is more, um... what were you mentioning about Aladdin, that it's... oh, that there's not as many different things that happen each time, or something? 
Speaker 2:	Yeah.  Like I know when to expect, when the bad guy is going to like come run after me.  
Speaker 1:	OK.  So you know what to expect.  But is it, when you're actually, um, playing it, is it... are things that happening kind of luck, or, or do you actually have the power to strategize and actually influence what's going on? 
Speaker 2:	I have the power to influence what's going on.  