Speaker 1:	Ok, um, would you say that competition is an important part of why you like to play video games?
Speaker 2:	Yeah I think so, keeps you motivated to keep playing because you want to keep trying to win.
Speaker 1:	Ok so the motivation like you said it’s for winning, is there any other motivation being challenged or getting any reward or status or anything like that?
Speaker 2:	Yeah sometimes we’ll have like different badges you can win or um, I like, I like being able to be into the game as a … when I really like it because um, like I was saying I really love the graphics and appreciate that side of it. Instead of just playing the game I like the behind the scenes of the game and I just like think about how they might create this character with a program or you know develop the uh, networking or things like that. So I’ll want to be in the game to see what else they’ve done.
Speaker 1:	Oh I see, yeah, ok. Ok, um, so do you prefer games where you’re alone against other people or with others on a team against others?
Speaker 2:	Um, I like to be by myself just to see how I’m doing in comparison to you know the norm.
Speaker 1:	Ok.
Speaker 2:	Sometimes it gets hard to play with a team because maybe people skills aren’t as good as your … or they’re way better then you and you’re just kind of floundering in the game because you don’t … you’re not as … you don’t feel as helpful.
Speaker 1:	Ok and would you say when you’re playing alone or the times you play does it … you know with a team, do you prefer to play against people who are better, the same or worse then you?
Speaker 2:	Uh, if I’m … it depends what kind of tasks they are. If … I’m just trying to collect coins or points or something like that I might do something that’s easier just so I can get more volume out of it or if I really want to challenge myself with my skills I’ll try beat … you know beat the best.
Speaker 1:	And that … does that usually you think um, the difference is based on the game or based on your mood or … ?
Speaker 2:	Yeah, I think it’s based on uh, kind of a little bit of both, it’s because of the game gives you options of what you’d like to do, do you want to be a cool story or something [inaudible 00:10:56] so those kind of you know don’t contribute to the main story line but there’s fun little side games that you can win if you want to take a break from you know the intensity of moving on in the story.
Speaker 1:	Hm, ok so would you say you prefer direct competition where you can influence the other person and strategize or indirect competition where you can’t really influence them it’s primarily about luck?
Speaker 2:	Oh man, hm.
Speaker 1:	Or a mix I mean it can be.
Speaker 2:	Sometimes the luck part gets frustrating um, I was playing this one game … what was it? Something to do with dragons and breeding dragons and there wasn’t any clear like way to know that you were going to get the best kind of dragons if you were breeding these two different ones together it was just a luck thing and it always seems like unless you spent money on the game you wouldn’t get the you know, the best dragons so it kind of was discouraging if it’s luck instead of like ok let me work towards you know achieving this.
Speaker 1:	Right, I played a game like that too and I know what you mean the difference the whole, yeah.
Speaker 2:	Yeah.
Speaker 1:	Yeah, and then you don’t know and then it sounds like and then in some of the ones you’re playing obviously there’s got to be some strategy right in the RPG …
Speaker 2:	Yes.
Speaker 1:	Stuff, right? Like Final Fantasy and all that?
Speaker 2:	Yes.
Speaker 1:	Ok.
Speaker 2:	Because then you definitely have to collaborate and you can play the online one like 13 or whatever you do that to collaborate with other people to you know achieve different goals in the game.